Version 3.3

# Major Changes

* This release is mostly cleanup, and bug fixes.
* If the bot is missing a permission for the action you are requesting, the bot will now let you know.

# Minor Changes

## Minor backend change for managing configurations

* Remove the old logic for managing the json based configurations used by the old node.js version.

## New Guilds

Once upon a time, WarBOT would automatically attempt to configure itself, by looking at the various roles and permissions in your server.
Since, the bot now contains a decent setup wizard, By default, it will disable all features, until somebody executes bot, setup.
bot, setup is advertised automatically when warbot joins the discord guild.

## bot, stats
Stats will now show the total user count.

# Bug Fixes

## Missing Permissions

* If WarBOT is unable to post to the channel you configured for WAR notifications
* AND WarBOT is unable to post an error in the officers channel you configured (if you did)
* AND WarBOT is unable to DM the owner of the discord server
* WarBOT will automatically disable sending war notifications to your server.

## bot, go away

If you ask the bot to go away, it would return a dialog which you could click to invite the bot back. The dialog will now re-invite the proper bot back.
Ie... The dev bot, would leave an embed to invite the prod bot back.

## Other misc corrections

* Corrected an issue where a user's name would not be displayed when we send a notification regarding them leaving the guild

# New Commands / Updated Commands

* bot, reset config / set defaults
This config will now reset most of the settings to empty / not configured, instead of guessing what values to use. 'bot, setup' exists to assist with reconfiguration.

