# Major Changes

## User Join / Leave Notifications

### Enabled Templates
Both the user join and user leave notifications have been updated to allow using {user} inside of the message, to insert the users tag/mention automatically.

Your current config will be updated to prepend "{user}, " to your current user join message as the bot will no longer automatically prepend this message.

### User Leave Message
You can now configure the user leave message.

You may also use {user} in the message one or more times, to automatically insert the name of the user who left.
Syntex

```
///To enable feature with a customized message, use:
bot, enable leave #Channel {user} has left the server!

///To enable feature with a default message, use:
bot, enable leave #Channel

///To disable feature
bot, disable leave

///To specify the channel, without running through the setup, use:
bot, set channel USER_LEFT #channel
```

This feature was requested by @Ciro via discord. Issue: #46

### User Join Message

You may now use {user} in the join message to automatically tag the user.

Syntex
```
///To enable feature with a customized message, and set the channel, use:
bot, enable greeting #Channel Welcome to the server {user}!

///To enable feature with a default message, use:
bot, enable greeting

//To enable feature, set the channel, and use a default message, use:
bot, enable greeting #Channel

///To disable feature
bot, disable greeting

///To specify the channel, without running through the setup, use:
bot, set channel USER_JOIN #channel
```

This feature was requested by @Naxos84 here: #45

### Setup Dialog updates
* The dialog can now configure which wars are enabled, and will enable all of them  by default.
	* Thanks to @Spinolli for pointing this out in this issue: #48
* The dialog can now configure the portal channel, which is a new feature.
* The dialog does a much better job of going "back", as it now remembers your previous actions properly.
* Added the ability for the dialog to enable the feature to clear the war channel.
* Add the ability to set a custom message for when a user leaves (new feature)

To invoke the setup, use:
```
bot, setup
```
These features were requested by myself, here: #44

### Configurable Portal Channel

You can now specify a seperate channel for portal notifications. When your config is updated, this new channel will default to your war channel, if you had portal notifications enabled.
```
bot, set channel PORTAL #Channel
```
Issue #47 was requested by @lendsi via discord.

# Minor Changes

### Discord.Net

The discord.net libraries were updated to version 2.0.1
Changelogs are available here: https://github.com/discord-net/Discord.Net/blob/dev/CHANGELOG.md

# Bug Fixes

### Specific Wars

By default, all specific wars were disabled unless the proper commands were entered to enable them. 
* Thanks to @Spinolli for pointing this out in this issue: #48

# New Commands / Updated Commands
