---
title: v3.0
---
Version 3.0 of bot. Will be converted to use .net core.

# Major Changes

## Entire re-write to utilize .net core instead of node.js / typescript.
* Logic was added to migrate your current configurations to the new version of the bot.
* For me as a developer, it is MUCH easier to add new functionality.

# Minor Changes

## Channel Configurations
There will no longer be seperate notifications to the officers channel. Although, this was togglable before, after revewing use of the bot, I determined the additional notification was not required.

Instead of a member's channel, officer's channel, etc... You now have:
* Welcome Channel
	* If, you configure the bot to welcome new users, it will be announced in this channel.
* WAR Channel
	* This is where warbot will send the war started messages.
* Officers Channel
	* This will be used for user and bot management purposes.
* Updates Channel
	* If you wish to see news regarding warbot (Will not happen frequenetly) it will happen in this channel.
	* Example of news, would be a message to come read this article when version 3.0 is pushed to production.

# New Commands / Updated Commands

### Guided Setup Process
* bot, setup

This will guide you though the complete setup process, and ask you simple questions.

### Voting
- You can now initiate votes, with up to 10 options.
```
bot, vote 5m Should we release warbot 3.0?
Yes
No
done
```

### Adjustable Prefix
```
bot, set prefix !
```
If you forget the Prefix, you can always address warbot by doing @WarBot, help!
### Remind Me
- Ever want a reminder for something? WARBot can assist with that now!
```
bot, remind me 1d Do Something
bot, remind me 1m do something in a minute.
bot, remind me 10:02:12 Remind me in 10 hours, 2 minutes, and 12 seconds.
alias: bot, remind {span} {message}
```
- If WARBot is unable to send messages in the channel where the command was entered, WARBOT will DM you instead.
- As well, this command can be used in a DM to warbot.
### Update a user's nickname.
```
bot, set nickname @User NewNickName
alias: bot, nickname @User NewNickName
```
### Update WarBot's nickname
```
bot, nickname NewNickName
alias: bot, set nickname NewNickName
```
### Promote and Demote Members
```
bot, promote @member, [@member2, @member3, etc....]
bot, demote @member, [@member2, @member3, etc....]
bot, set role {RoleName} @User, [@User2, @User3, etc....]
	alias: bot, add role
	alias: bot, remove role
```
* You can promote one or more users at a time. Just tag multiple users. No commas required.
* To See available roles:
	```
	bot, set role
		alias: bot, set role ?
	```
* These commands will promote or demote a user to the next configured rank.
* Note, if there are multiple WarBot roles, with the same Guild role, the highest warbot role will be used.
	* Ex: You have Officer set to @Admins, and Leaders set to @Admins.
	* A user will be promoted from member to Leader, since, it is the same role.
* Note, The promote command, will not promote users to above the level of leader. 
	* To promote to server admin, please use: bot, set role ServerAdmin @user, (@moreusers)
### Show current configuration
```
- Show the selected configuration sections
	bot, show config [All, notifications, Channels, Roles]
- Print a list of available options. Multiple options may be selected.
	bot, show config ?
		
```
* You can now display a certain config element, or multiple elements. It will default to show all config items.